TLMTrafficGenerator
-------------------

The TLMTrafficGenerator is a TLM initiator generating TLM generic payload
transactions. The generic payload transactions are generated by requesting the
components of the transaction from an object implementing the ITrafficDesc
interface. Two examples of objects that implement the interface are the
TrafficDesc and also the RandomTraffic.

class ITrafficDesc
-------------

The ITrafficDesc interface is implemented by objects that will be used with
the TLMTrafficGenerator for generating TLM generic payload transactions. It
consists of as set of functions used by the TLMTrafficGenerator for filling in
the fields in the generic payload transaction, an example of this functions is
getAddr() which should return the address to use in the transaction. When the
transaction has been completed by the TLMTrafficGenerator the next() function
is called on the IDataTransfer object, this is for advance the object
to the next transaction. The done() function of the IDataTransfer object is
used to let the TLMTrafficGenerator know when there are no further transactions
in the IDataTransfer object.

struct DataTransfer
-------------

The DataTransfer structure is a structure containing the fields of a TLM
generic payload transaction, including fields specifying payload extensions.
With the structure it is possible to create tables of TLM transactions to be
generated through the DataTransfer class and with the TLMTrafficGenerator. The
structure also contains a pointer field called expect that is used by the
TLMTrafficGenerator for verifying the data in a read transaction (the data read
must match the data specifed in the expect field).

class TrafficDesc
-------------

The TrafficDesc class implements the ITrafficDesc interface. Internally it
contains a vector of DataTransfer structures describing transactions that will
be generated through the TLMTrafficGenerator. It is used for simplifying the
creation of tables of TLM generic payload transactions to generate and for
creating directed transaction tests.

      --------------------------
      |                        |
      | TLMTrafficGenerator    |
      |                     --------> TLM generic payload
  ------------------------.    |
  |   : ITrafficDesc      :    |
  |   :                   :    |
  |   :...................:-----
  |                       |
  |   TrafficDesc         |
  |                       |
  | vector<DataTransfer>  |
  |                       |
  ------------------------

class RandomTraffic
--------------------

The RandomTraffic class implements the ITrafficDesc interface. It generates
randomly generated TLM generic payload transactions through the
TLMTrafficGenerator. The minimum address and maximum address aswell as the
minum burst aswell of the maximum burst size to generate is given at class
construction. It is possible to set and get the seed for the pseudo-random
generator used internally in the class for supporting deterministic random
testing.

      --------------------------
      |                        |
      | TLMTrafficGenerator    |
      |                     --------> TLM generic payload
  ------------------------.    |
  |   : ITrafficDesc      :    |
  |   :                   :    |
  |   :...................:-----
  |                       |
  |    RandomTraffic      |
  |                       |
  ------------------------
